Chrome Extension for Pump App:
The chrome extension does not support any server side languages like php. So all the functionalities had to be implemented by the recurring use of javascript and ajax calls.
The following pages are included in the extension:

1. Picker.html: This page is the opening page which the user sees. It gives the user 5 options.
	a.Save to own Links: To save the current URL into the users own links.
	b.Share With Group: To share the link directly with a group a person is 	  a part of.
	c.Share With Individual: To share the link directly with another user.
	d.View Notifications: To view any notifications.
	e.Go to Home Page: To open a new tab in Chrome to go to user's home page.

2. save.html: This comes on click of save to own links, with options to add tags and notes.

3.save_tags.html: This is the save succesful page.

4.share_with_group.html: This page comes on the clicking share with group. This has buttons for various groups the person is in. On clicking this, the link is instantly shared.

5.share_with_individual.html: This page is needed to share with an individual. It has autocomplete functionality to help find your friends.

6.notify.html: This page carries all the notifications which are updated from the database as anybody shares a link with the user or a friend views a link shared by a user.

CSS files(For styling)
1.myStyles.css: to give a body layout.
2.loading.css: for the loader.

MANIFEST.JSON: This file is needed for setting the extension basic properties like first page, icon etc.


Due to no inline execution in extensions, javascript files needed to be created separatedly.

Script files:
1.myScript.js: for multiple functionalities related to user.
2.groupScript2.js: for functionalities related to groups.
3.myFriends.js: To retreive friends and share on click.
4.background.js: Required for the extension's working.


PHP files:
Many php files are used throughout which are hit using ajax requests via the javascript code. Many web services have also been used, which again required ajax to be accessed.

The php files carry queries and their names are self explanatory.


External Functions:
1.Bootstrap: For designing and elements.
2.Bootstrap tags input: For tags in Links.
3.Loading header.
4.JQuery UI for autocomplete.
5.JQuery


Yet to implement: Sessions for each user logged in.