DOCUMENTATION for PUMP

commonly used functions-   confirm_query()- confirms if query worked without error
confirm_logged_in()- checks session to see if user is logged in

index.html: this is the welcome page. Has links to the signup page and the login page.

login.php: the 'submit' button is the SIGN IN button at the bottom of the form.
$query2- get all info about user if emailId entered by user exists in the database
save sessions if info entered by user is correct
hit web service
redirect to index.php

index.php:The home page for the user.Displays all the links saved by the user.It gives for options with each link:
	favorites- used to add to favorites
	delete- used to delete from links
	edit tags- used to edit tags
	share with group-opens a modal where you choose 		which group you want to share the chosen link 		with.

createGroup.php:  shows the groups which the user is a member of.
$queryi -insert data entered by user in create group field
$query  -get all info about the groups which the user is a member of 

verifier.php  : if user clicks on link to verify, redirect to this page.
$url is the link to the web service

profile.php: basic info about user

with_notify.php: details about all the links that have been shared in the group which the user is a member of.
by_notify.php: details about all the links shared by the user in his groups

groupnum.php: details about all the members of the group, all the links shared in the group, and an option to share another link------takes groups_id as parameter

create_groups_ws.php: to create a group. creator is automatically assigned as admin

sessiontodata.php: saves the user-id available in the sessions into a temporary variable for every page's use.

get_groups2.php: get all the groups which the user is a member of
get_links.php: get all the links saved by the user

index.php -includes get_links.php
get_favorites.php : get all the links saved as favourites by  the user
archive.php-includes get_favourites^
logout.php: destroy sessions


attack.html:for testing the push notification.


tags_modal.php:contains the code for the modal which displays options to edit tags


share_link.js:the script file for sharing any saved link directly with a group.





REMAINING:
add or remove admins
integrate google, fb, etc. APIs